Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
Hi friends. This is
Scott, and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes. Today.
I'm talking with Thomas hap.
He is the developer of
Axiom verge. People call it
a Metroid Venia application, but
I think that that is
frankly, doesn't do it justice.
I've enjoyed it so much
and I could even call
it the spiritual successor to
Metroid. It's done everything that
Metro did in so much
more, and it's just been
a joy to play. Thanks
so much for coming on
the show. Oh, thank you.
So the thing that seems
to it seems to be
what people talk about when
they write articles about Axiom
verge is that you started
it as a side hobby.
You, you just decided you
are a game developer during
the day, and you wrote
this at night. That's correct.
Is that kind of a
silver simplification as soon as
much more complicated than that?
No, that's pretty much what,
it was just a hobby
project that I did at
nighttime while I worked on
other things during the day.
Did you think it would
take as many years as
it would? I mean, you
were a dev, you were
a game dev during the
day, so I assume, you
know what you were biting
off. I thought it would
take as long as it
did or even longer really
there was. So you had
no concerns about it being
something you could bang out
in a year or two?
No, I definitely didn't think
it would take a year
or two, just because of
experience in these things. You
know, even, even if I
had had a team probably
a year or two would
be close to optimistic, so
I figured on my own,
it would take many years.
Five was the number that
I thought of, but I
wouldn't have been surprised if
it had been longer. Oh,
wow. Do you think that
people who aren't game devs,
like I'm a dev, but
not a game dev don't
really understand how much thought
goes into games, even, even
simple games. Certainly Axiom verge
is not as simple game.
There's probably some where you
overestimate and some where you
underestimate, I, I know the
general populous, like the non
developer at all populous. They
definitely think games are easier
to make than they are,
but you know, I've not
been a normal developer, A
game developer developer to really
understand, you know, that perspective.
I would imagine it's kind
of, you know, similar to
a software project, just that
there's that creative element that
kind of stymies all of
your efforts to make an
effective schedule because it requires
iteration and doing things not
according to plan Right now,
you were a programmer during
the day, but you were
the program or the artist
that designer, the composer, the
level designer on Axiom verge.
Did you know that you
had those skills that make
music and draw the art?
I did. You know, he
was, it was something that
was a hobby for me.
You know, each of those
separate things for many years,
I knew I could write
music. I had, I wasn't
artists. I'd actually been an
artist on other games before
I was an engineer and
I'd even made my own
little games before. So I
knew I had the capacity
to do it that, you
know, sort of the question
was, did I have the
resilience to keep on with
it for as long as
it would take to finish.
That does make you wonder
how many other Axiom verges
are out there inside someone's
head or 40% done and
have been stuck there. It
really somehow is about the
sticktuitiveness and the, the deciding
that on this random Tuesday
night, I'm going to work
on my side project because
I believe in it, I
think that's very correct. I
think a lot of it
is that, you know, we're
not built to think on
the timescales of five years,
you know, we're built to
think on timescales of like
a few months, that sort
of thing. And you don't
know to trust that, Hey,
if I just keep on
working on this, it will
be finished. And to try
to stay focused on what
you're just going to be
doing in the next couple
of weeks and not be
overwhelmed by the fact that
there are multiple years after
those couple of weeks. Yeah.
I also wonder if, because
you had worked on teams
where people could do things
in parallel, but with Axiom
verge, for the large part
of it was just, you're
all by herself. The, The,
the, the Lack of better
word, the serialization of things,
the fact that there's one
person with two hands that
can only do so many
things at a time, did
you compartmentalize and say, all
right, this summer I will
work only on music or
did you Context? Yeah, that's,
that's very much actually what
I did was, you know,
try to avoid as much
context switching as possible. You
know, even as an engineer,
you realize, you know, every
time your boss comes to
you with it, you know,
an interruption or a task,
which, or even just to
tell you some work, you
know, unrelated to work gossip,
how long it takes for
you to stop working and
then start again. So a
lot of my methodology based
around batching, everything so that
I never had to get
out of the mindset of
doing one thing and into
the other. And that I
always knew, okay, I've been
doing, you know, this thing
for the past couple of
weeks, and I'm still going
to be doing it tomorrow
without having to get off
that task and start back
up again afterwards, What was
task number one, was it
opening something and saying file
new project, or was it
a napkin or a piece
of paper Task? Number one
was definitely making the overall
game world map. Maybe that's
because of the type of
game, you know, Metroid mania,
is it like a semi-open
world with a very labyrinthine
designed to it, but the
map also tells you how
much you need to do
in terms of like duration
and how many you need
to make in terms of
individual parts and individual items
and individual tasks. So that
was where I began with.
So I had something to
just get a grasp of,
you know, the very broad
strokes of what I would
need to do later on.
So I began with that
and not even knowing what
specifically, what abilities and items
and features were going to
be in the game. I
had that map and I
had like a numerical list
of like, okay, this will
be when you get item
one, item two, item, three
key points. And I looked
at other games, you know,
I looked at super Metroid
a lot, not to look
at the, you know, the
small scope of like what
the features, you know, how
the jump worked or anything
like that, but more to
get an idea of like
the pacing, how many things
needed to be in the
first area, how many things
in the second for it
to feel like it was
a fleshed out world and
not, you know, empty corridors,
you know, so to speak
and to have it be
something that when it was
done, I could expect, Hey,
the player will probably take
about 10 hours or so
to finish this, Are you
okay with that description? Are
you like, I don't want
someone to think that this
is a derivative game. It
is like, you can go
and say, Oh, it's Metroidvania
because that fits in a
tweet, but it becomes as
someone who's played Metroid, many
times it becomes something else.
And you realize that maybe
inspired by it would be
a wetter, a better way
to I'm more or less
okay. With Metroid, Virginia, maybe
partially because even before making
Axiom verge, I was a
fan. So to speak of
Jeremy perish, not the inventor,
but certainly one of the
popular Verizons of the term
Metroid Venia and it succinctly
described to me what I
was going forward encompasses that
range between symphony of the
night and super Metroid that
are both pretty different. But
if, you know, like once
you go past those ranges
and get into the mega
man, it's no longer the
same thing. So I'm okay
with that. I think the
difference is that the word
means different things to different
people and do a lot
of people. It means Metroid
clone. And I don't know
if the solution is to
find another word or if
the solution is to use
Metroid vignette until it means,
you know, something different than
just Metroid clone to people.
Yeah. Well maybe in five
or 10 years, people, someone
else will come up with
a game and someone will
call it, you know, an
Axiom verge clone. Because if
you think about like Mario
someone of a certain age
might say, well, it's just
pitfall, you know, except with
better strolling. And I funny
your character. Yeah. Someone very
much reminds me of, you
know, whenever you first person
shooter was called a doom
clone. And at some point
people got tired of calling
them doom clones, even though
to this day, they are
sort of like, there's a
gun in the bottom center
of the screen. And the
primary activity in the game
is shooting things at the
center of the screen. Yup.
Which, which, which is a
really good way. I'm sure
to upset the destiny two
team who I'm sure put
a nontrivial amount of work
into their game, which is
ultimately just a doom clone,
which we, which we certainly
won't say to, to insult
them. One of the things
that struck me, because I
was playing this game, having
read the narratives that You
did it all by yourself.
And I think for lack
of a better way of
phrasing it, that knowing that
you did it yourself, and
it wasn't a team of
20 people made the experience
better for me as a
developer, because I felt like
I was playing almost against
you. If you ever played
those games where you're like,
you're, you're, you're in a
puzzle in the game. And
then you go and you
put yourself in the head
of the programmer rather than
in the head of the
game. Maybe it ruins the
fourth wall of the game,
but you were there playing
with me and against me,
I was there. We, we
must not, you know, rule
out telepathy other, you know,
extra sensory perceptions. That's, that's
going, you're, you're a creep.
I was there as now
my re my ringtone. There
was a time I can't
remember the name of the,
the, the level, but you'll
know what I'm talking about,
where I'm, you know, maybe
a couple of hours into
the game. And I jumped
off to the right. And
then I wanted to return
to the previous one to
three areas. And there was
an impossible jump. And I
probably tried to make that
jump back to the left
for an hour. I was
pretty frustrated with you because
I assumed that it was
a glitch. I could not
understand. I needed to go
back over there. And then
when I finally came to
grips with the fact that
you did that on purpose,
and you know, it wasn't
a physics glitch, then I
realized that going to the
right was my only option.
And ultimately it was my
fault and then became so
impressed with the idea that
it was always planned that
way, how, how I'm trying
to get my head around
how you think about those
things and what happens if
someone glitches you and makes
it back into the left
there, They can actually glitch
me and make it back
to the left. It's, it's
a, there's a way to
do that. It is, you
know, I know the part
of what you speak. And
I think in many ways,
what makes that feel makes
you feel like at first
I did something wrong and
then you did something wrong.
Is that it's not apparent
when you make that jump,
that you can't go back.
If this were another game
that might have been something
obvious, like, you know, there's
a cave in, or there
is a bottomless pit that
you know, that when you're
jumping in, you're not going
back, but I made that
jump just high enough. You
cannot go back. And I
think, I think that is
what, what's the difference there.
And that's why it through
so many people, but there
is, there are ways to
circumvent that, and the game
does do its best to
account for that contingency. Yeah,
it's it was, I would
say it was an emotional
roller coaster because you're just
going about your business and
you are not thinking to
yourself, I better prep before
I make that jump that
I will never come back
from. I don't know if
I got the stuff I
needed. I don't know if
I'm prepared to make this
jump. I don't know if
I'm physically or emotionally prepared.
It really got me thinking
at that moment in the
game, it went from being
a, a Metroid clone to
being a, an Epic battle
of wills against me, the
average mediocre gamer. And I'm
quite mediocre. And, and, and
you, the, the, the genius
level designer, because I realized
that it was wait a
second. This thing was designed
with a capital D, which
made me wonder how much
time you spent doing that
level of design. And it
sounds like, as you said,
it was step one. It
really was, you know, and
I guess it's a very
program where he way to
think of things, but the
way I, the way I
thought of that was to
initially design that, Hey, there's
an obstruction that once you
get past it, you can't
return. And I even made
a notation of that on
my map with like a
one way arrow saying, you
can't go back without even
knowing what I was going
to put there. So it
feels more organic when you
see the final design that
it happened to be a
jump. But as I said,
I could have gone, you
know, a number of different
ways I could have made
there, be a cave in,
or, you know, a monster
that you can't get past
that chases you from behind.
Sure. Any number of things.
So Those things seem so
obvious though. The cave in
is such a cliche. Yeah.
You spend a lot of
time when you're developing, trying
not to do the same
cliched thing over and over
again. I don't know if
it seems like a cliche
to you, but I'm always
trying. I always find myself
finding pits. The character falls
into a pit and he
can't get out of it
until he finds the item.
That's in the pit. And
I keep on thinking, is
there another way I could
do this, then, then putting
the pit. But I think
I put the pit that
you can't get out of,
like at least three times
in that game. And it
just seems to keep coming
back. Yeah. The games to
the pit, you can't get
out of the difference. Flavors
of obstacles you put in
front of us though. We're
like creatures that we are
initially in like, fear of
like, I can't kill this
thing. This is horrible. I'm
going to freak out every
time I see that too.
The, Oh, now that I
have this tool, I figured
out how to deal with
that creature. And that's not
a huge deal or, or
the even more annoying, like,
how can I get up
there? I think it was
the number one experience that
I've had playing this game,
which is the there's cool
stuff up there. I don't
see any way I'm going
to get up there. Oh,
I have a grappling hook.
Now I can get up
there. You know? But even
then it took me about
an hour and a half
to figure out how to
use the grappling hook, to
go laterally. Like it, wasn't
initially obvious to do that.
I could go up and
then I'm hanging there and
I'm like, now, what do
I do? And then I
could go, Oh, I can
go to the side. And
the, the sense of, of
just enough frustration to keep
me from dropping the game
entirely, which I think must
be a thing that you
do, right? Like, I'm sure
you'd be sad if people,
everyone got 40% through and
then just set out, forget
this, they got frustrated. They
stopped. I think a lot
of people actually get frustrated,
you know, in the first
area they get past the
first boss or they get
up to him and they
just kind of give up.
Then I would say he
was, if people are going
to quit, that's when they
quit. Isn't in the first
area. Oh, Oh. And then
everyone who makes it past
that is in it for
the long run. Right? Yeah.
And I know this, you
know, this is more like
when, when I'm at conventions,
you know, I'm sort of
only seeing the people that
are gamers and will have
played every game. They owned
a completion or not played
them at all. Cause they're
in the backlog. But when
I talked to my friends
and family, it always seems
to be like, they got
up to the first boss,
they got up or they
got up to the second
boss and then they stopped
and they, they always say
something like, can you make
next game easier? But I
assume that you didn't make
the game for them. Do
you feel bad about that?
Do you have telemetry that
it phones home into some
mobile app back in, You
don't have tell them telemetry
or anything like that? I
have friends who have that
and I may ask to
borrow that code. Yeah. Just,
you know, so I can
get a better handle on
things and Oh my God,
I can't tell you too
much. But you know, the
chasm team, I'm, I'm friends
with them and they, they
literally have a graph with
spikes showing where people like
die the most and, or,
or have spend the most
time on combat. And they
use this graph. That's like
a, basically, if you could
imagine the zero on the
left, half of the graph
is the start of the
first low one, 100 is
like the end of the
last level and all these
spikes in between. And they,
they use it to try
and get it to be
the cadets that they want
it to be at. And,
but I'm, I'm more like
I just try to generally
get it to feel good
and watch people play at
conventions or wherever I can,
you know, get feedback. Do
you have any sense that,
that There is some percentage,
like it's a sales funnel,
right? They've bought the game,
but now they're in the
game, do 3% of people
win and make it to
the end. You know, I
don't know. You know, how
you could find would be
to hop onto, say steam
and look at the trophies.
They usually have a percentage
and Sony PlayStation has the
same, same thing. That's interesting
that you say that because
there has been some, a
new kind of achievements on
Xbox called rare achievements, and
you'll find yourself going and
saying, Oh wow, 4% of
people got this. And that's
a small, a small number.
Here we go. I'm looking
at the Axiom verge global
gameplay stats. And it looks
like 77% of people make
it past the first boss.
And it just goes all
the way down to the
end, 0.7% speed, run it
0.8% completed in under four
hours. And a 3% of
people make it through in
hard. That is pretty, I
guess, trophies as telemetry works
pretty well. Well, it doesn't
it. And it does. And
you know, when you consider
like just how this is
kind of hidden from the
consumer, but especially for consoles,
doing any kind of networking
is always just this to
me, it's this like headache
fiasco. Cause you have to
set up everything on the
back end. It isn't like
you just make your server
and it does what it
does. It's more like you
have to register different things
with the, you know, with
the, with the Sony or
Nintendo or Microsoft and set
up things on their end.
So they know about your
server and it's authenticated with
them somehow. And trophies and
achievements are one of the
easier things, because even though
they are networked, they, they
want you to use them.
So they make that barrier,
the easiest for you to
pass. So me not having
to do extra work like
that is always a bonus.
That makes sense. So that
brings up an interesting question
from a development perspective, when
you sat down and you
wrote this, what is it
written in C sharp. So
it's written in C sharp.
So it uses unity. No,
he uses a thing called
mano game. Mm. Mano game.
Okay. And mano game gives
you quite a bit of
reach Moto game, lets you,
you know, as an open
source project and use his
motto in the runtime, lets
you basically go anywhere you
could. How do you ultimately
pick that last percent and
say, all right, I've written
a motto game. I'm going
to compile, it runs on
windows. Now I want it
to go on PSVT or,
Or switch or whatever. So
it's an interesting long convoluted
tale because I originally I'd
written Axiom verge for X
and a for the Xbox
three 60. But you know,
around the time that I
was like trying to shop
the game around, that was
when the Xbox one came
out in the PlayStation, four
came out and Microsoft sort
of disavowed X and a,
and they wouldn't support it.
But Sony had worked out
a deal with the, the
mano game developers as well
as the mano develop owners,
I guess, Xamarin, I think
they're now owned by Microsoft,
but at the time they
were separate and came together
with a solution to ports
X and a games for
the PlayStation four. And that's
how I ended up using
mano and it's inter or
mano game. And it's interesting
because mano game right now
like supports many platforms. But
at the beginning, you know,
it's only like PlayStation four
was the only console that
it supported. And I was
one of the very first
to ever use it in
that capacity. And it, it
kept on going like that.
Like Axiom verge, I believe
was the first mano game
game to be on Vita.
And for that solution, you
know, just for Axiom verge,
the mano game team made
a special cross compiler that
would cross compile from C
sharp to C plus plus
for Vita. And then the
same thing happened for the
Xbox one when it came
to be to, or Xbox
one, Axiom Berge was the
first or one of the
first to use model game
on Xbox one. And then
the switch, it was the
first or one of the
first to come out there
using mano game. And at
step Tom Spillman and his
team at CIC head games
basically had to make another
port. You know, I poured
it, they poured, it actually
emerged, but they also had
to port their in their
library's mano game to each
of these consoles. And now
it's very versatile and it's
something you can say, yeah,
this is definitely good. It's
one of the few that
works on everything, you know,
unity being the other and
C plus plus by itself
being of course usable and
everything. So it sounds like
in the process of developing
Axiom verge and pushing mano
game to the, you know,
you bust basically broke the
door open for other people
who are now able to
use it on switch and
all these other things. I
think it's, it wasn't just
that it was me. It
was also the knowledge that
like, Hey, you know, there's
Axiom Berg, and then there's
all these other developers that
started off with X and
a, and this system, you
know, Stardew Valley helped a
lot with that too. I
think that they were sort
of the Genesis of the
switch push. Cause I remember
I can probably say this
now like way back a
year ago, even I think
Tom's like was, was saying
to me like, yeah, we've
we have to port to
switch because of Stardew Valley.
And I don't know what
went into that, but I
know that, you know, once
you have so many people
using the engine, it's just
like, you need to get
it just for the sake
of profitability of your marketplace.
So that was how that
happened. And I think the
Genesis of that probably goes
back to Sony taking that
risk and saying like, Hey,
we want to bet on
Indies and this is how
we're going to do it.
Yeah. It seems like this
is like the, there's a
Renaissance in gaming right now.
And the Indies, like after
a couple of false starts
are actually starting to get
the respect and the reach
that they deserve. And we,
as the gamers and as
someone I'm a huge fan
of the switch, like the
switch is awesome. Right. It's
fantastic. And I just didn't
even imagine that it was
going to get as fantastic
as it did so quickly,
but we were, I remember
when we first bought it,
we're like, Oh, there's only
five games. And now there
is a huge library and
I would say 60, 70%
of it is indie games.
Yeah. It's, it's definitely been
a race too, because I
think even before the switch
came out, if you were
in any developer, you were
like, this is going to
be the thing for me,
you know, triple a developers.
I don't know what they
were thinking, but I know
all my indie friends were
like, yeah, this like portable,
giant screen Vieta basically, you
know, that also works on
a TV is what I
want to be on. And
I think there was even
like a large degree of
so many people trying to
get in so quickly that
it actually slowed things down.
Like, you know, the, the
chip production, I recall they
were having issues like actually
getting the factory to produce
them fast enough and you
for the ROMs and then
like getting everyone, you know,
approved. And like whenever we
go through the QA process,
it seems to take, I
feel like it's been taking
a lot longer than for
other platforms. And I think
it's just because there's so
many big games like coming
through, you know, start you
in and Sonic and whatever,
like are all like, yeah,
we've got to get it
out before black Friday. But
yeah, it's definitely the thing
in November is going to
be the time that all
these awesome games, you know,
marry you. But in addition,
like so many indie games
will, will be out by
then. I'm sure. So it
sounds like you have had
a fantastic experience with mano
game in general. Like you
have no complaints. And do
you think that that is
if you want the widest
re release for a game
like that is a framework
you can bet on? I
think so. I'm probably the
one for the widest release
at this point is unity.
I mean, if you're not
going to do C plus
plus I think for an
India, I think C plus
plus isn't as worth it.
Unity would probably be the
one I would do if
I was like starting from
scratch. But when you think
back to like 2009, when
I started coding, actually unity
was not the same thing
that it is now. So
it wasn't an option for
me. Right. But in both
instances, you're using C sharp
and.net. So when you're writing
Axiom verge, are you thinking
about memory management? Are you
thinking, Oh, I'm not gonna
be able to do this.
And I switch is not,
doesn't have enough power Or
I'll never be able to
port it to whatever, because
memory, I do to a
degree, you know, I had
a friend, you know, also
a game developer and he
said the way to think
about C-sharp for games is
to pretend that it C
plus plus allocate everything you
need. Like at the time
you need it, like allocate
all your particles and everything
in a big batch in
advance, and then have a
manager that doles out the
all already allocated memory in
your game and then release
at the end of the
stage kind of thing, because
it, it does come up.
You definitely don't want there
to be garbage collection in
the middle of a stage
of a game. You know,
while you're shooting monsters, you
don't want your bullets to
accumulate gradually. And just that
one bullet pushes it over.
And then all of a
sudden, the game pauses for,
you know, a few frames,
wild, garbage collecting, and the
player is gonna blame that
for why they died and
probably be right. Yeah. That
makes sense. I see. So
that moment where you switched
to the next stage or
the next cut scene that
fade to black, that's your
perfect time to go. Yeah.
And you, you, you need
to be more and more
careful of that. You know,
the garbage that comes that
you get on say the
PC version of sharp is
much better than the garbage
collection that comes with Xamarin
mano game, for instance. And
so once you start putting
the consoles that garbage collection
hits you longer and harder
than before, so you become
much more aware of it.
And for Vita was definitely
the biggest challenge of all
of them because it had
the least memory and Tom
Spillman, the person who did
that, that port for me,
ended up doing a lot
of optimizations to how I
stored level data, how I
stored this and that. And
then I ended up making
changes to the PC version
and then, you know, helping
him to merge my new
code over, just so that
I think I rewrote the
whole projectile engine just to
do that thing where everything
is allocated in advance in
memory. And I just Dole
out say the index to
the next thing, as opposed
to actually using something that
the garbage collector would see
When you say something like
rewrote, the whole projectile engine,
I think to myself, well,
how do I know as
a gamer, or do you
ever have to think about
it as the developer? Like
it behaves differently on you
than it does on PlayStation
four or the gameplay or
the physics or the jumping
or whatever is X number
of pixels different because of,
you know, you're standing on
top of this framework and
you're counting on this language,
in this runtime to do
stuff for you, how complete
is the layer of abstraction
that you sit on and
how reliable is it that
it, that Axiom verge has
the same feel and the
same vibe on every platform.
I'd say, you know, due
to the miracle of object
oriented programming, that's, it's, it's
very hidden from, from the
player. You know, you have
your, you know, your physics
object, your, you know, projectile
class and it is the
black box that always behave
the same way, regardless of
how well, how we had
to change the implementation underneath.
So, you know, even though
for example, the, we, you
version was actually done by
different porting company, completely converted
to C plus plus, but
it looks identical to the
switch version that was done
by a different person with
different, you know, different coding
language. I think you just,
as long as you're, you're
careful and you did, you
know, you encapsulated everything properly,
you should be okay. Higher
level game concepts tend not
to be the things that
are affected are where the,
the physical hardware of the
system, how many buttons it
has, whether it needs a
touch screen, whether it has
a secondary screen, those are
the things that really change
and can, you know, throw
a wrench in your gears.
So you've been working on
this since 2009, 2010. And
now here we are seven
years later, you're on PlayStation
four windows, Mac, Linux, Vita.
We, you X-Box one. And
my favorite port, the ultimate
port is Nintendo switch. What's
next? Are you gonna just
spend time with the family
and or is there an
Axiom verge to coming someday?
Yeah, there's, there's an Axiom
verge there. Well, there's another
game coming in in the
pipeline. I'm not sure I
can say what it is.
Dan Aleman is always threatening
to kill me. If, if
I talk too much about
it, but I'm, I'm working
on the other game, you
know, I can never stop.
I don't know how much
your, your listeners would have
followed the history, but my,
my son is disabled and
his livelihood depends on, on
me. Somehow being able to
come up with the millions
of dollars that will be
needed for him to live
to a ripe old age
of 90 long after I'm
gone. So I can never
really stop working w which
is, you know, it isn't
a bad thing. I would
go insane if I did
that anyway. Yeah. Well, people
can check out Axiom verge@axiomverge.com.
You can buy it on
the humble bundle. You can
buy it on steam. It
is everywhere that games are
created. And I think that
I cannot recommend this game
enough. It is a joy
and I wish you all
the best in future success
or no, thank you. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week.